Added a topic listing reserved keywords (#16843)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql.md

```

sample java code using dynamic parameters is provided [here](../api-reference/sql-jdbc.md#dynamic-parameters).

## Reserved keywords

> There are reserved keywords in Apache Druid. To use reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in quote marks.

Reviewer: Maybe refer to "Druid SQL" instead of "Apache Druid" here. Can we turn this into an active sentence also? Druid SQL reserves certain keywords for...

Author: Had a go at rephrasing this line, please let me know what you think @vtlim. Thanks again for the feedback

> There are reserved keywords in Apache Druid. To use reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in quote marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are reserved keywords in Apache Druid. To use reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in quotation marks.
```

```

sample java code using dynamic parameters is provided [here](../api-reference/sql-jdbc.md#dynamic-parameters).

## Reserved keywords

> Druid SQL reserves certain keywords which are used in its query language. Apache Druid inherits all of the reserved keywords from [Apache Calcite](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords), in addition to these the following keywords unique to Apache Druid and are also reserved:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Druid SQL reserves certain keywords which are used in its query language. Apache Druid inherits all of the reserved keywords from [Apache Calcite](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords). In addition to these, the following reserved keywords are unique to Apache Druid: ```

* **CLUSTERED**
* **PARTITIONED**

> To use reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in quotation marks, for example the reserved keyword **CYCLE** can be used in the following query only if correct quoted:

Reviewer 2: nit: It would be better to use either `CLUSTERED` or `PARTITIONED` in the example.

> To use reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in quotation marks, for example the reserved keyword **CYCLE** can be used in the following query only if correct quoted:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in double quotation marks. For example, the reserved keyword **PARTITIONED** can be used in a query if and only if it is correctly quoted:
```

```sql

> SELECT "CLUSTERED" from druid.table

Reviewer 3: It's erroring on druid.table. I'm not sure why it's not erroring on other occurrences of it on the page, but adding it to the `website/.spelling` should resolve the issue

Author: Will do, thanks Brian

## Reserved keywords

> Druid SQL reserves certain keywords which are used in its query language. Apache Druid inherits all of the reserved keywords from [Apache Calcite](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords). In addition to these, the following reserved keywords are unique to Apache Druid: ```

Reviewer: `````suggestion
Druid SQL reserves certain keywords which are used in its query language. Apache Druid inherits all of the reserved keywords from [Apache Calcite](https://calcite.apache.org/docs/reference.html#keywords). In addition to these, the following reserved keywords are unique to Apache Druid:

```
`````

* **CLUSTERED**
* **PARTITIONED**

To use the reserved keywords in queries, enclose them in double quotation marks. For example, the reserved keyword **PARTITIONED** can be used in a query if and only if it is correctly quoted:

```sql

> SELECT "CLUSTERED" from druid.table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT "PARTITIONED" from druid.table
```
Matches the sentence above

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
